image-builder: provide experimental buildkit support (#6090)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/kaniko-build/README.md

  cache-run-layers: true
```

## Build multi-architecture images

> >You are reading about experimental feature. Keep in mind that there may be some changes in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>You are reading about an experimental feature. Keep in mind that there may be some changes to it in the future.
```

> >You are reading about an experimental feature. Keep in mind that there may be some changes to it in the future.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** This is an experimental feature that may change in the future.
```

> With introduction of experimental BuildKit support, the tool now supports repeatable flag `--platform`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the introduction of the experimental BuildKit support, the tool now supports the repeatable flag `--platform`.
```

> You can define multiple architectures on which image should be built.

Reviewer: ... on which an/ the image ... depending on whether it is a specific image or not.

Author: Edited

You can use all platforms supported by [BuildKit](https://github.com/moby/buildkit/blob/master/docs/multi-platform.md).

> There is a new image with tag suffix `-buildkit`, if you want to use experimental features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use experimental features, there is a new image with the tag suffix `-buildkit`.
```
